improve(docs): point quickstart to infra dashboard (#2669)
infrahq/infra: docs/getting-started/quickstart.md

## Prerequisites

- Install [helm](https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/) (v3+)
- Kubernetes (v1.14+)

## Deploy Infra

Deploy Infra via `helm`:

```
helm repo add infrahq https://helm.infrahq.com/
helm repo update
helm install infra infrahq/infra
```

## Access the Infra Dashboard

Next, visit the Infra Dashboard. To retrieve the hostname, run:

```
kubectl get service infra-server -o jsonpath="{.status.loadBalancer.ingress[*]['ip', 'hostname']}" -w
```

> Next, visit this hostname in your browser to get started:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Visit this hostname in your browser to access the UI:
```

"Next" is a bit repetitive with the last instruction.

{% /callout %}

## Logging in via Infra CLI

Install the Infra CLI:

{% partial file="../partials/cli-install.md" /%}

> Log in to Infra as the admin user you created earlier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Login to Infra as the admin user you created earlier:
```
